The problem chosen by the team among all the problems we have brainstormed was DRINK AND DRIVE, including any other form of intoxication.
Not because it is a bigger issue or some kind of priority in comparison with the other cases mentioned, but we believe that this has a significant effect on the health and well-being of many New Zealanders. Also, NZ spends millions of dollars combating alcohol and drugs abuse, support services, Police resources and justice and prison systems. But what cannot be quantified is the cost of broken lives. Lives of family members, children and many innocent people. 

Our solution then, is to develop an app that, via eyes (retina) scan and thumb scan, can identify the volume of intoxication in an individual and stop him from driving by locking his vehicle functions. Plus sharing all the information and historic with the Police.

The team's communication methods used were basically Microsoft Teams and meetings at Whitecliffe campus.
Most of the work was made remotely using applications such as Mural and GitHub.
The market validation was made simply by having quick chats with people inside the campus.

I mostly helped to structure the initial work, giving its first shape on GitHub and then later on, with the other team members, sharing ideas, discussing, brainstorming, helping to put all the information together. I would say that the team's biggest strength are the capacity of brainstorming so many workable ideas and dividing tasks. However, the time management was something we must definetly improve for next projects. Be able to conciliate each one's private life and daily duties with our project were very challenging. 
With no doubt, the lesson learned by me was to know a bit more about each one of the problems brainstormed and try hard to think in a possible solution for those.
We know about all those problems around us, we constantly complainabout them but, very unlikely we try to think in a solution or a way to minimize these problem.
Learn more about GitHub and its incredible tools, and improve my skills using it was preety cool as well.
